Add parse for ipv6 indicator cs (#25064)
demisto/content: Packs/FeedCrowdstrikeFalconIntel/ReleaseNotes/2_1_2.md

#### Integrations

##### CrowdStrike Indicator Feed

> - Fixed an issue where the parse of the indicator type did not differentiate between IP and IPv6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where parsing the indicator type did not differentiate between IP and IPv6.
```
